docs(contribution): update contribution guideline (#150)
instill-ai/component: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

#### AI

**AI** components play a crucial role in transforming unstructured data into
formats that are easy to interpret and analyze, thereby facilitating the
extraction of valuable insights. These components integrate with AI models from
various providers, whether it's the primary Instill Model or those from
third-party AI vendors. They are defined and initialized in the [ai](../ai)
package.

#### Data

**Data** components play a crucial role in establishing connections with remote
data sources, such as IoT devices (e.g., IP cameras), cloud storage services
(e.g., GCP Cloud Storage, AWS S3), data warehouses, or vector databases (e.g.,
Pinecone). These connectors act as the bridge between VDP and various external
data sources. Their primary function is to enable seamless data exchange,
enhancing Instill VDP's capability to work with diverse data sources

> effectively. They are defined and initialized in the [data](../data) package.

Reviewer: I think the rendered output is a bit cumbersome for these package references, especially the AI package.
![CleanShot 2024-06-03 at 11 16 36](https://github.com/instill-ai/component/assets/3977183/3c96fe87-510d-4af5-b61c-c5e2a05aec40)
![CleanShot 2024-06-03 at 11 18 57](https://github.com/instill-ai/component/assets/3977183/1b0d4b9b-66a5-4a41-99e9-205501855c69)
```suggestion
effectively. They are defined and initialized in the [`data`](../data) package.
```

This file defines the input and output schema of each task:

**Properties within a Task**

- **`title`** is used by Console to provide the title of the task.
- **`description`** and **`instillShortDescription`** are used by Console to
  provide a description of the task. If `instillShortDescription` does not
  exist, it will be the same as `description`.
- **`input`** is a JSON schema that describes the input of the task.
- **`output`** is a JSON schema that describes the output of the task.

**Properties within `input` and `output` Objects**

- **`required`** indicates whether the property is required.
- **`type`**: describes the JSON type of this field, which could be `integer`,
  `number`, `boolean`, `string`, `array`, or `object`.
- **`title`** is used by the Console to provide the title of the property.

> - **`description`** is used by Console to show this description in a popup when
>   you click the question mark beside the field.
> - **`instillShortDescription`**: is used by Console to show this under the field
>   (the original description is shown only when hovered). If this value does not
>   exist, it will be the same as the description.

Reviewer: Maybe this is a bit too specific? I'm thinking that a slight change in the UX might outdate this documentation. Perhaps we can be a bit more generic:

```suggestion
- **`description`** is used by Console to provide information about this task.
- **`instillShortDescription`**: is a concise version of `description`, used to
  fit smaller spaces such as a component form field. If this value is empty,
  the `description` value will be used.
```

What do you think?

Reviewer: Also, there's a click vs hover contradiction between both descriptions.

Author: Agree, removing the behavior in Console is better.
